"You’re off to great places, today is your day. Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way." --Dr. Seuss
"You always pass failure on the way to success." --Mickey Rooney
"No one is perfect - that’s why pencils have erasers." --Wolfgang Riebe
"Winning doesn’t always mean being first. Winning means you’re doing better than you’ve done before." --Bonnie Blair
"You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." --A.A. Mine
"It always seems impossible until it is done." --Nelson Mandela
"Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow." --Helen Keller
"Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you’ll start having positive results." --Willie Nelson
"Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will." --Zig Ziglar
"In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact." --Les Brown
"The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down." --Stephen Richards
"When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It’s very simple." --Paulo Coelho
"Positive anything is better than negative nothing." --Elbert Hubbard
"Winning is fun, but those moments that you can touch someone’s life in a very positive way are better." --Tim Howard
"Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude." --Lou Holtz
"Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive good things and good people will be drawn to you." --Mary Lou Retton
"It makes a big difference in your life when you stay positive." --Ellen DeGeneres
"If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door." --Milton Berle
"Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same." --Francesca Reigler
"You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream." --Les Brown
"The sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day gets on." --Charles Dickens
"It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." --Vince Lombardi
"The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need tomorrow." --Robert Tew
"The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain." --Dolly Parton
"Every day may not be good... but there’s something good in every day." --Alice Morse Earle
"The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate." --Oprah Winfrey
"Hard work keeps the wrinkles out of the mind and spirit." --Helena Rubinstein
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." --Jimmy Johnson
"Let your unique awesomeness and positive energy inspire confidence in others." --Anonymous
"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine." --Anthony J. D’Angelo
"If you want light to come into your life, you need to stand where it is shining." --Guy Finley
"Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out." --Robert Collier
"Happiness is the only thing that multiplies when you share it." --Albert Schweitzer
"When we are open to new possibilities, we find them. Be open and skeptical of everything." --Todd Kashdan
"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts." --Marcus Aurelius
"The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction, not a destination." --Carl Rogers
"Be so happy that, when other people look at you, they become happy too." --Anonymous
"A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery while on a detour." --Anonymous
"Live life to the fullest and focus on the positive." --Matt Cameron
"There's a tremendous bias against taking risks. Everyone is trying to optimize their ass-covering." --Elon Musk
"Please think about your legacy, because you're writing it every day." --Gary Vaynerchuck
"Gifts are easy - they're given after all. Choices can be hard. You can seduce yourself with your gifts if you're not careful, and if you do, it'll probably be to the detriment of your choices." --Jeff Bezos
"You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame." --Erica Jong
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." --Steve Jobs
"Always be a first-rate version of yourself instead of a second-rate version of somebody else." --Judy Garland
"Sometimes you just have to put on lip gloss and pretend to be psyched." --Mindy Kaling
"People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." --George Bernard Shaw
"Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember, the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you." --Zig Ziglar
"Go for the moon. If you don't get it, you'll still be heading for a star. Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of the creative effort." --Franklin Delano Roosevelt
"I have come to realize making yourself happy is most important. Never be ashamed of how you feel. You have the right to feel any emotion you want, and do what makes you happy. That's my life motto." --Demi Lovato
"An entrepreneur is someone who jumps off a cliff and builds a plane on the way down." --Reid Hoffman
"Fearlessness is like a muscle. I know from my own life that the more I exercise it, the more natural it becomes to not let my fears run me." --Arianna Huffington
"If you can't fly, then run; if you can't run, then walk; if you can't walk, then crawl; but whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward." --Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
"We will be soldiers, so our sons may be farmers, so their sons may be artists." --Thomas Jefferson.
"To be a champ you have to believe in yourself when no one else will." --Sugar Ray Robinson
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." --Albert Einstein
"Following is one of the most underrated aspects of leadership... I have seen many a good [military unit] underachieve, because someone... thought the commander was incompetent, and quietly worked to undermine his authority." --William H. McRaven
"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves." --Thomas Edison
"Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune." --Jim Rohn
"Never be ashamed! There's some who will hold it against you, but they are not worth bothering with." --J.K. Rowling
"I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." --Rosa Parks
"One finds limits by pushing them." --Herbert Simon
"Today I choose life. To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it." --Kevyn Aucoin
"A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." --Sir Winston Churchill
"Sometimes you can only find heaven by slowly backing away from hell." --Carrie Fisher
"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." --H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost." --Dalai Lama
"In real life, the act of creation is defying death. I think it's just that dumb and simple." --Rick Owens
"Everyone has inside of her a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be, how much you can love, what you can accomplish, and what your potential is." --Anne Frank
"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake." --Napoleon Bonaparte
"Happiness is a quality of the soul... not a function of one's material circumstances." --Aristotle
"Reality is created by the mind, we can change our reality by changing our mind." --Plato
"Every day we choose who we are by how we define ourselves." --Angelina Jolie
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world." --Harriet Tubman
"I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate." --George Burns
"The important thing is not being afraid to take a chance. Remember, the greatest failure is to not try. Once you find something you love to do, be the best at doing it." --Debbi Fields
"As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big." --Donald Trump
"The most successful people reach the top not because they are free of limitations, but because they act in spite of their limitations." --Michael K. Williams
"Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." --Jamie Paolinetti
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." --Mark Twain
"If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun." --Katharine Hepburn
"When I bet on horses, I never lose. Why? I bet on all the horses." --Aziz Ansari
"It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently." --Warren Buffett
"Running a startup is like being punched in the face repeatedly, but working for a large company is like being waterboarded." --Paul Graham
"The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say no to almost everything." --Warren Buffett
"We are what we repeatedly do." --Aristotle
"If you're not making mistakes, then you're not making decisions." --Catherine Cook
"Success is empty if you arrive at the finish line alone. The best reward is to get there surrounded by winners." --Howard Schultz
"We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are." --J. K. Rowling
"Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending." --Carl Bard
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." --Steve Jobs
"Instead of looking at the past, I put myself ahead twenty years and try to look at what I need to do now in order to get there then." --Diana Ross
"People talk about getting lucky breaks in their careers. I'm living proof that the 'lucky breaks' theory is simply wrong. You get to make your own luck. The world is run by those who show up... not those who wait to be asked." --Steve Blank
"Timing, perseverance, and 10 years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success." --Biz Stone
"Success is not what you have, but who you are." --Bo Bennett
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." --Mark Twain
"Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent." --Marilyn vos Savant
"I knew that if I failed I wouldn't regret that, but I knew the one thing I might regret is not trying." --Jeff Bezos
"You can't knock on opportunity's door and not be ready." --Bruno Mars
"What does not destroy me, makes me stronger." --Friedrich Nietzsche
"Courage is the greatest of all virtues, because if you haven't courage, you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others." --Samuel Johnson
"It doesn't matter how far you might rise. At some point you are bound to stumble. If you're constantly pushing yourself higher... the law of averages, not to mention the Myth of Icarus, predicts that you will at some point fall. And when you do I want you to know this, remember this: There is no such thing as failure. Failure is just life trying to move us in another direction." --Oprah Winfrey
"Embrace what you don't know, especially in the beginning, because what you don't know can become your greatest asset. It ensures that you will absolutely be doing things different from everybody else." --Sara Blakely
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great makes you feel that you, too, can become great." --Mark Twain
"One person with a belief is equal to ninety-nine who have only interests." --John Stuart Mill
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." --Robert Louis Stevenson
"For me, the most fun is change or growth. There are definitely elements of both that I like. Launching a business is kind of like a motorboat: You can go very quickly and turn fast." --Tony Hsieh
"I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." --Maya Angelou
"I cannot discover that anyone knows enough to say what is and what is definitely not possible." --Henry Ford
"If you steadfastly refused to quit, you rapidly narrowed your options to only winning." --Brad Thor
"If you see a bandwagon, it's too late." --James Goldsmith
"Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it." --Dwight Eisenhower
"Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them." --Marcus Aurelius
"Do you really want to look back on your life and see how wonderful it could have been had you not been afraid to live in?" --Caroline Myss
"Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible." --Francis of Assisi
"Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results." --Willie Nelson
"Giving up doesn't always mean you're weak. Sometimes you're just strong enough to let go." --Taylor Swift
"I think one day youll find that you're the hero you've been looking for." --Jimmy Stewart
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." --Ray Goforth
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." --Vidal Sassoon
"Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone." --John Wooden
"A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving." --Lao Tzu
"I just love bossy women. I could be around them all day. To me, bossy is not a pejorative term at all. It means somebody's passionate and engaged and ambitious and doesn't mind learning." --Amy Poehler
"Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive because your words become your behavior. Keep your behavior positive because your behavior becomes your habits. Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values. Keep your values positive because your values become your destiny." --Mahatma Gandhi
"When I'm old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say, 'Wow, that was an adventure,' not 'Wow, I sure felt safe.'" --Tom Preston-Werner, co-founder of Github
"It needs to be said and heard: it's OK to be who you are." --Hailee Steinfeld
"What is not started will never get finished." --Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." --Confucius
"Good is the enemy of great." --Jim Collins
"Be yourself; everyone else is taken." --Oscar Wilde
"Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery." --Malcolm X
"In the real world, the smartest people are people who make mistakes and learn. In school, the smartest people don't make mistakes." --Robert Kiyosaki
"Opportunities multiply as they are seized." --Sun Tzu
"I would rather die of passion than of boredom." --Vincent van Gogh
"They said, we have education, but what about jobs? So I started telling them, you should be taking a pledge, and the pledge should be: 'I'm not a job seeker; I'm a job giver.' Prepare yourself to be a job giver." --Muhammad Yunus
"There's lots of bad reasons to start a company. But there's only one good, legitimate reason, and I think you know what it is: it's to change the world." --Phil Libin
"You're not going to get very far in life based on what you already know. You're going to advance in life by what you're going to learn after you leave here." --Charlie Munger
"If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever." --Thomas Aquinas
"I tend to think you're fearless when you recognize why you should be scared of things, but do them anyway." --Christian Bale
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible!'" --Audrey Hepburn
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." --Bruce Lee
"It's never too late to be what you might have been." --George Elliot
"There is only one boss: the customer. And he can fire everybody in the company, from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else." --Sam Walton
"Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --Will Rogers
"The hardest thing to do is to be true to yourself, especially when everybody is watching." --Dave Chappelle
"You grow up the day you have your first real laugh at yourself." --Ethel Barrymore
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." --John D. Rockefeller
"There is nothing impossible to him who will try." --Alexander the Great
"Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get." --Ingrid Bergman
"I love what I do, and when you love what you do, you want to be the best at it." --Jay-Z
"Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave." --Mary Tyler Moore
"Like the wind that carries one ship east and another west, the law of autosuggestion will lift you up or pull you down according to the way that you set your sails of thought." --Napoleon Hill 
"If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges." --Pat Riley
"More men have become great through practice than by nature." --Democritus
"If you never want to be criticized, for goodness' sake don't do anything new." --Jeff Bezos
"If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want." --Zig Ziglar
"Someday is not a day of the week." --Janet Dailey
"It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped." --Tony Robbins
"What I've learned from running is that the time to push hard is when you're hurting like crazy and you want to give up. Success is often just around the corner." --James Dyson
"There's nothing wrong with staying small. You can do big things with a small team." --Jason Fried
"One today is worth two tomorrows." --Benjamin Franklin
"The last 10 percent it takes to launch something takes as much energy as the first 90 percent." --Rob Kalin
"I think self-awareness is probably the most important thing toward being a champion." --Billie Jean King
"What's your big idea? What are you willing to spend your moral capital, your intellectual capital, your cash, your sweat equity in pursuing outside of the walls of the University of Pennsylvania? [T]he world is more malleable than you think and it's waiting for you to hammer it into shape." --Bono
"I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom." --George S. Patton
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." --Theodore Roosevelt
"Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and, above all, confidence in ourselves. We must believe we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained." --Marie Curie
"Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs --even though checkered by failure --than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat." --Theodore Roosevelt
"Care about what other people think, and you will always be their prisoner." --Lao Tzu
"There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle, or the mirror that reflects it." --Edith Wharton
"Falling down is not a failure. Failure comes when you stay where you have fallen." --Socrates
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." --Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been." --Alan Alda
"The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same." --Carlos Castaneda
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek." --Barack Obama
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing." --President Abraham Lincoln
"Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong." --Ella Fitzgerald
"If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants." --Isaac Newton
"Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit." --Bernard Williams
"Go out there and get rich. Get so obnoxiously rich that when that tax bill comes, your first thought will be to choke on how big a check you have to write." --Mark Cuban
"Every noble work is at first impossible." --Thomas Carlyle
"From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow." --Aeschylus
"Wealth is not about having a lot of money; it's about having a lot of options." --Chris Rock
"I hate that word: 'lucky.' It cheapens a lot of hard work." --Peter Dinklage
"Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs." --Farrah Gray
"It takes a great deal of courage to stand up to your enemies, but even more to stand up to your friends." --J.K. Rowling
"Only when the tide goes out do you discover who's been swimming naked." --Warren Buffett
"I often hear from new graduates that it's better to wait until you have more experience... but I'm a big believer in the power of inexperience. It was the greatest asset I had when I started TFA. If I had known at the outset how hard it was going to be, I might never have started. The world needs you before you stop asking naïve questions and while you have the time to understand the true nature of the complex problems we face and take them on." --Wendy Kopp, Boston University, 2013
"To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do." --Kahlil Gibran
"Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action." --Benjamin Disraeli
"I wish I could tell you the secret to being forever young, but no one's figured that out yet. But if you see the glass half full, simplify your life, and give yourself to a worthy cause, you will be forever happy." --Bert Jacobs, University of New Hampshire, 2010
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you." --Walt Whitman
"The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." --Ralph Nader
"I think the girl who is able to earn her own living and pay her own way should be as happy as anybody on Earth. The sense of independence and security is very sweet." --Susan B. Anthony
"You have it easily in your power to increase the sum total of this world's happiness now. How? By giving a few words of sincere appreciation to someone who is lonely or discouraged. Perhaps you will forget tomorrow the kind words you say today, but the recipient may cherish them over a lifetime." --Dale Carnegie
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." --Colin R. Davis
"Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy." --Norman Vincent Peale
"Life is either a great adventure or nothing at all." --Helen Keller
"Life has two rules: #1 Never quit #2 Always remember rule #1." --Unknown
"A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere." --Joyce Meyer
"As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears." --John Locke
"God loves to help him who strives to help himself." --Aeschylus
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." --Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Be faithful to that which exists within yourself." --Andre Gide
"Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses." --Alphonse Karr
"Eventually, the nerds and the geeks will have their day." --Judd Apatow
"Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others." --Winston Churchill
"The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things." --Ronald Reagan
"Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved." --William Jennings Bryan
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." --Norman Vincent Peale
"Enthusiasm moves the world." --Arthur Balfour
"If you have no critics, you'll likely have no success." --Malcolm Forbes
"From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life." --Arthur Ashe
"I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship." --Mary Louise Alcott
"We are all ordinary. We are all boring. We are all spectacular. We are all shy. We are all bold. We are all heroes. We are all helpless. It just depends on the day." --Brad Meltzer
"Either you run the day, or the day runs you." --Jim Rohn
"Hire character. Train skill." --Peter Schutz
"Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present." --Jim Rohn
"I want to sing like the birds sing, not worrying about who hears or what they think." --Rumi
"One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful." --Sigmund Freud
"I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him." --Galileo
"In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman." --Margaret Thatcher
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." --Winston S. Churchill
"Never limit yourself because of others' limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination." --Mae Jemison
"A problem is a chance for you to do your best." --Duke Ellington
"When looking for a life partner, my advice to women is date all of them: the bad boys, the cool boys, the commitment-phobic boys, the crazy boys. But do not marry them. The things that make the bad boys sexy do not make them good husbands. When it comes time to settle down, find someone who wants an equal partner. Someone who thinks women should be smart, opinionated and ambitious. Someone who values fairness and expects or, even better, wants to do his share in the home. These men exist and, trust me, over time, nothing is sexier." --Sheryl Sandberg
"Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck." --Dalai Lama
"I am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. Its because of them I'm doing it myself." --Albert Einstein
"If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced." --Vincent Van Gogh
"In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins." --Ulysses S. Grant
"Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it." --Charles Swindoll
"Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated." --Confucius
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." --George Bernard Shaw
"I think in terms of evolutions, not revolutions. Failure is not part of my vocabulary." --Shelia Lirio Marcelo, founder of Care.com
"Do not bring people in your life who weigh you down. And trust your instincts... good relationships feel good. They feel right. They don't hurt. They're not painful. That's not just with somebody you want to marry, but it's with the friends that you choose. It's with the people you surround yourselves with." --Michelle Obama
"Life's like a movie; write your own ending, keep believing, keep pretending." --Jim Henson
"Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears." --Albert Camus
"No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world." --Robin Williams
"When you find an idea that you just can't stop thinking about, that's probably a good one to pursue." --Josh James, CEO and founder of Omniture and Domo
"Most people give up just when they are about to achieve success. They quit on the one-yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game, one foot from a winning touchdown." --H. Ross Perot
"Nothing will work unless you do." --Maya Angelou
"The trouble in America is not that we are making too many mistakes, but that we are making too few." --Philip Knight
"We're here for a reason. I believe that reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark." --Whoopi Goldberg
"You must not under any pretense allow your mind to dwell on any thought that is not positive, constructive, optimistic, kind." --Emmet Fox
"If life seems jolly rotten, there's something you've forgotten! And that's to laugh and smile and dance and sing..." --Monty Python
"Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success." --Swami Sivananda
"It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change." --Charles Darwin
"Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago." --Warren Buffett
"Speak less than you know; have more than you show." --William Shakespeare
"Stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be." --Elizabeth Gilbert
"There is no security in this life. There is only opportunity." --Douglas MacArthur
"The first one gets the oyster the second gets the shell." --Andrew Carnegie
"The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud." --Coco Chanel
"Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree." --Martin Luther
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart." --Helen Keller
"Early to bed and early to rise probably indicates unskilled labor." --John Ciardi
"Every man should lose a battle in his youth, so he does not lose a war when he is old." --George R. R. Martin
"Give me a stock clerk with a goal, and I will give you a man who will make history. Give me a man without a goal, and I will give you a stock clerk." --James Cash Penney, founder of J.C. Penney
"Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose." --Bill Gates
"A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do." --Chuck Norris
"Don't worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don't even try." --Jack Canfield
"Both my mother and I were determined that we weren't going to stay on welfare. We always worked toward doing better, toward having a better life. We never had any doubts that we would." --Larry Ellison
"The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible." --Arthur C. Clarke
"Aging is not 'lost youth,' but a new stage of opportunity and strength." --Betty Friedan
"Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them more." --Oscar Wilde
"The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper." --Bertrand Russell
"I don't know what your destiny will be, but one thing I know: The only ones among you who will be truly happy are those who have sought and found how to serve." --Albert Schweitzer
"Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you." --Carl Sandburg
"Running a startup is like eating glass. You just start to like the taste of your own blood." --Sean Parker
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." --Maya Angelou
"Try to be like the turtle at ease in your own shell." --Bill Copeland
"I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars-I look for 1-foot bars that I can step over." --Warren Buffett
"Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul." --Thomas Merton
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." --Thomas Edison
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." --Winston Churchill
"Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more." --Tony Robbins
"We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish." --Tony Robbins
"We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light." --Plato
"Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it." --Lord Chesterfield
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has -Margaret Mead
"We convince by our presence." --Walt Whitman
"We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing." --George Bernard Shaw
"A lot of the time the experts, the people who are supposed to be able to tell you what to do, will tell you that you can't do something even when you know you can. And a lot of the time it's your friends... who tell you you can do it." --Mark Zuckerberg
"Education costs money. But then so does ignorance." --Sir Claus Moser
"It's not your job to like me, it's mine." --Byron Katie
"We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us." --Joseph Campbell
"What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?" --Robert H. Schuller
"Always look for the fool in the deal. If you don't find one, it's you." --Mark Cuban
"What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you." --Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Death is very likely the single best invention of life. It's life's change agent; it clears out the old to make way for the new. Right now, the new is you. But someday, not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away. Sorry to be so dramatic, but it's quite true. Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." --Steve Jobs, Stanford University, 2005
"What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well." --Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you." --Mary Lou Retton
"What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality." --Plutarch
"Everyone has ideas. They may be too busy or lack the confidence or technical ability to carry them out. But I want to carry them out. It is a matter of getting up and doing it." --James Dyson
"The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining." --John F. Kennedy
"Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure." --Marianne Williamson
"What we think, we become." --Buddha
"It is not how much we do, but how much love we put in the doing. It is not how much we give, but how much love we put in the giving." --Mother Teresa
"The achievement of one goal should be the starting point of another." --Alexander Graham Bell
"What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do." --Bob Dylan
"When deeds speak, words are nothing." --Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." --Aristotle
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." --Henry Ford
"When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me." --Erma Bombeck
"When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves." --William Arthur Ward
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go." --Carol Burnett
"Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge." --Abraham Joshua Heschel
"It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan." --Eleanor Roosevelt
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." --Chris Grosser
"You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." --Maya Angelou
"You must do the things you think you cannot do." --Eleanor Roosevelt
"No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted." --Aesop
"The best protection any woman can have... is courage." --Elizabeth Cady Stanton
"Your big opportunity may be right where you are now." --Napoleon Hill
"Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day as long as you treat it that way." --Skylar Grey
"Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start." --Nido Qubein
"No matter how dirty your past is, your future is still spotless." --Drake
"You can't make anything viral, but you can make something good." --Peter Shankman
"Every truth passes through three stages before it is recognized. In the first, it is ridiculed. In the second, it is opposed. In the third, it is regarded as self evident." --Arthur Schopenhauer
"I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back." --Maya Angelou
"The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving." --Oliver Wendell Holmes
"I know for sure that what we dwell on is what we become." --Oprah Winfrey
"I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was." --Muhammad Ali
"The winners in life think constantly in terms of I can, I will, and I am. Losers, on the other hand, concentrate their waking thoughts on what they should have or would have done, or what they can't do." --Dennis Waitley
"F/8 and be there." --Arthur Fellig
"Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact." --William James
"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." --Eleanor Roosevelt
"Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish." --Michelangelo
"The time is always right to do what is right." --Martin Luther King Jr.
"The reward of a thing well done is having done it." --Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The longer you're in the game, the hotter you are." --Bonnie Guterl
"Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition in having put forth the best within you." --Henry J. Kaiser
"I shouldn't even be here, so if I'm here, I better do something good." --Tammy Duckworth
"Teach your children early not to pass the blame or make excuses, but to take responsibility for their actions." --Eric Greitens
"All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination." --Earl Nightingale
"It's irreverence, foolish confidence, and naivety combined with persistence, open mindedness, and a continual ability to learn that created Facebook, Google, Yahoo, eBay, Microsoft, Apple, Juniper, AOL, Sun Microsystems, and others." --Vinod Khosla
"Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?" --Robert Browning
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others." --Mohandas K. Gandhi
"Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." --Gloria Steinem
"Nothing works better than just improving your product." --Joel Spolsky
"The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job." --Zig Ziglar
"Diligence is the mother of good luck." --Benjamin Franklin
"Nothing is hopeless that is right." --Susan B. Anthony
"Insomnia is my greatest inspiration." --Jon Stewart
"Surviving a failure gives you more self-confidence. Failures are great learning tools... but they must be kept to a minimum." --Jeffrey Immelt
"The question isn't who's going to let me; it's who's going to stop me." --Ayn Rand
"A good criterion for measuring success in life is the number of people you have made happy." --Robert J. Lumsden
"There are no working hours for leaders." --James Cardinal Gibbons
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." --Sharon Begley
"Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers." --Hans Christian Andersen
"Buckle up, and know that it's going to be a tremendous amount of work, but embrace it." --Tory Burch
"There's no shortage of remarkable ideas, what's missing is the will to execute them." --Seth Godin
"If your actions create a legacy that inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, then, you are an excellent leader." --Dolly Parton
"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way." --John C. Maxwell
"We generate fears while we sit. We over come them by action. Fear is nature's way of warning us to get busy." --Dr. Henry Link
"Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls." --Joseph Campbell
"Look at the sparrows; they do not know what they will do in the next moment. Let us literally live from moment to moment." --Mahatma Gandhi
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." --Dennis P. Kimbro
"I never dreamt of success. I worked for it." --Este Lauder
"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." --Bill Gates
"When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?'" --Sydney J. Harris
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." --H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." --Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love." --Mother Teresa
"You can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will." --Stephen King
"The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it." --Michelangelo
"Out of difficulties grow miracles." --Jean de la Bruyere
"A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty." --Unknown
"Too low they build, who build beneath the stars." --Edward Young
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." --Herman Melville
"Unless you dream, you're not going to achieve anything." --Richard Branson
"Give me a stock clerk with a goal, and I will give you a man who will make history. Give me a man without a goal, and I will give you a stock clerk." --James Cash Penny
"Life is a daring adventure or it is nothing at all." --Helen Keller
"Don't tell people how to do things; tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results." --George S. Patton
"True luck consists not in holding the best of the cards at the table; luckiest is he who knows just when to rise and go home." --John Hay
"Victory has a hundred fathers and defeat is an orphan." --John F. Kennedy
"Life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent of how I react to it." --Charles Swindoll
"I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." --Michael Jordan
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity." --Amelia Earhart
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, 'I'm possible!'" --Audrey Hepburn 
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." --Aristotle Onassis
"I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do." --Leonardo da Vinci
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laserlike focus." --Bruce Lee
"Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity." --Martin Luther King
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." --Booker T. Washington
"If there is no struggle, there is no progress." --Frederick Douglas
"I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass." --Maya Angelou
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see." --Confucius
"We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone." --Ronald Reagan
"For me, the most fun is change or growth. There are definitely elements of both that I like. Launching a business is kind of like a motorboat: You can go very quickly and turn fast." --Tony Hseih
"I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples." --Mother Teresa
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." --Henry Haskins
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." --Milton Berle
"Everyone has a plan 'til they get punched in the mouth." --Mike Tyson
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." --Florence Nightingale
"For small creatures such as we, the vastness is bearable only through love." --Carl Sagan
"The crisis of today is the joke of tomorrow." --H.G. Wells
"I urge you to please notice when you are happy, and exclaim or murmur or think at some point, If this isn't nice, I don't know what is." --Kurt Vonnegut
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." --Arthur Ashe
"Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work. I live by that. You grind hard so you can play hard. At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it'll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off." --Michael Hart
"Tough times never last, but tough people do." --Dr. Robert Schuller
"The trouble in America is not that we are making too many mistakes, but that we are making too few." --Phil Knight
"A year from now you may wish you had started today." --Karen Lamb
"Man is free at the instant he wants to be." --Voltaire
"If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people." --Virgina Wolfe
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." --Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Conditions are never perfect. 'Someday' is a disease that will take your dreams to the grave with you... If it'3s important to you and you want to do it 'eventually,' just do it and correct course along the way." --Tim Ferriss
"Nothing works better than just improving your product." --Joel Spolsky, cofounder of Stack Overflow
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing." --Abraham Lincoln
"It takes a strong fish to swim against the current. Even a dead one can float with it." --John Crowe
"Independence is happiness." --Susan B. Anthony
"When I'm old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say, 'Wow, that was an adventure,' not 'Wow, I sure felt safe.'" --Tom PrestonWerner, cofounder of Github
"Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned." --Anonymous
"If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it." --Margaret Fuller
"Good is the enemy of great." --Jim Collins
"No one has as much luck around the greens as one who practices a lot." --Chi Chi Rodriguez
"There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it." --Edith Wharton
"A mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work if it isn't open." --Frank Zappa
"Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life." --Anonymous
"I can say the willingness to get dirty has always defined us as an nation, and it's a hallmark of hard work and a hallmark of fun, and dirt is not the enemy." --Mike Rowe
"Death is very likely the single best invention of life. It's life's change agent; it clears out the old to make way for the new. Right now, the new is you. But someday, not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away. Sorry to be so dramatic, but it's quite true. Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." --Steve Jobs
"Every truth passes through three stages before it is recognized. In the first, it is ridiculed. In the second, it is opposed. In the third, it is regarded as self-evident." --Arthur Schopenhauer
"An American has not seen the United States until he has seen Mardi-Gras in New Orleans." --Mark Twain
"Lent comes providentially to reawaken us, to shake us from our lethargy." --Pope Francis
"Today a reader, tomorrow a leader." --Margaret Fuller
"There are two things people want more than sex and money... recognition and praise." --Mary Kay Ash
"Champions keep playing until they get it right." --Billie Jean King
"The last 10 percent it takes to launch something takes as much energy as the first 90 percent." --Rob Kalin, founder of Etsy
"Being able to touch so many people through my businesses, and make money while doing it, is a huge blessing." --Magic Johnson
"Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you." --Arnold Palmer
"As you start your journey, the first thing you should do is throw away that store-bought map and begin to draw your own." --Michael Dell
"We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained." --Marie Curie
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." --Stephen Covey
"Time is life itself, and life resides in the human heart." --Michael Ende
"Happiness is not the absence of problems; it's the ability to deal with them." --Steve Maraboli
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." --Dalai Lama
"Following is one of the most underrated aspects of leadership... I have seen many a good [organization] underachieve, because someone... thought the commander was incompetent, and quietly worked to undermine his authority." --Admiral Bill McRaven
"Creativity is intelligence having fun." --Albert Einstein
"Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them." --Washington Irving
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." --Aristotle
"Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle. Happiness never decreases by being shared." --Gautama Buddha
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him." --Sidney Greenberg
"Don't let winning make you soft. Don't let losing make you quite. Don't let your teammates down in any situation." --Larry Bird
"I watched a small man with thick calluses on both hands work 15 and 16 hours a day. I saw him once literally bleed from the bottoms of his feet, a man who came here uneducated, alone, unable to speak the language, who taught me all I needed to know about faith and hard work by the simple eloquence of his example." --Mario Cuomo
"The best revenge is massive success." --Frank Sinatra
"We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success; we often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do; and probably he who never make a mistake never made a discovery." --Samuel Smiles
"Fearlessness is like a muscle. I know from my own life that the more I exercise it, the more natural it becomes to not let my fears run me." --Arianna Huffington
"I don't lose any sleep at night over the potential for failure. I cannot even spell the word." --James Mattis
"If you can dream it, you can achieve it." --Zig Ziglar
"You can be the ripest, juciest peach in the world, and there are still going to be some people who hate peaches." --Dita Von Teese
"There are no traffic jams along the extra mile." --Roger Staubach
"There is no substitute for hard work, 23 or 24 hours a day. And there is no substitute for patience and acceptance." --Cesar Chavez
"I learned pretty soon that it was essential to fail and be foolish." --Daniel DayLewis, only threetime winner of the Academy Award for Best Actor 
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex, overwhelming tasks into smaller manageable tasks, and then starting on the first one." --Mark Twain
"It's hard work making movies. It's like being a doctor: you work long hours, very hard hours, and it's emotional, tense work. If you don't really love it, then it ain't worth it." --George Lucas
"Being an optimist after you've got the very thing you want doesn't count." --Ken Hubbard
"You know you're in love when you don't want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams." --Dr. Seuss
"Numbing the pain for a while will only make it worse when you finally feel it." --Albus Dumbledore, "Harry Potter" character
"We must never be afraid to go too far, for success lies just beyond." --Marcel Proust
"There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought." --Laurence J. Peter
"Success at the highest level comes down to one question: Can you decide that your happiness can come from someone else's success?" --Bill Walton
"It's a very sobering feeling to be up in space and realize that one's safety factor was determined by the lowest bidder on a government contract." --Alan Shepard
"We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." --Thomas Jefferson
"Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs - even though checkered by failure - than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat." --Theodore Roosevelt
"May I never be complete. May I never be content. May I never be perfect." --Chuck Palahniuk
"Easter spells out beauty, the rare beauty of new life." --S. D Gordon
"I freed a thousand slaves I could have freed a thousand more if only they knew they were slaves." --Harriet Tubman
"Taxes are what we pay for civilized society." --Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
"Yes, I am a dreamer. For a dreamer is one who can find his way by moonlight, and see the dawn before the rest of the world." --Oscar Wilde
"I was eating in a Chinese restaurant downtown. There was a dish called Mother and Child Reunion. It's chicken and eggs. And I said, I gotta use that one." --Paul Simon
"The best way out is always through." --Robert Frost
"There is only one boss: the customer. And he can fire everybody in the company, from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else." --Sam Walton 
"Whenever you read a good book, somewhere in the world a door opens to allow in more light." --Vera Nazarian
"Power means happiness; power means hard work and sacrifice." --Beyonce Knowles
"Death is something inevitable. When a man has done what he considers to be his duty to his people and his country, he can rest in peace. I believe I have made that effort and that is, therefore, why I will sleep for the eternity." --Nelson Mandella
"When I work fourteen hours a day, seven days a week, I get lucky." --Dr. Armand Hammer 
"Do not bring people in your life who weigh you down. And trust your instincts... good relationships feel good. They feel right. They don't hurt. They're not painful. That's not just with somebody you want to marry, but it's with the friends that you choose. It's with the people you surround yourselves with." --Michelle Obama
"It's hard work to make a four-minute program look effortless and elegant." --Katarina Witt
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." --Les Brown
"Jazz is smooth and cool. Jazz is rage. Jazz flows like water. Jazz never seems to begin or end. Jazz isn't methodical, but jazz isn't messy either. Jazz is a conversation, a give and take. Jazz is the connection and communication between musicians. Jazz is abandon." --Nat Wolff
"With extreme wealth comes extreme responsibility. And the responsibility for me is to invest in creating new businesses, create jobs, employ people, and to put money aside to tackle issues where we can make a difference." --Richard Branson
"You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take." --Wayne Gretzky
"Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets." --Napoleon Bonaparte
"The greatest crime in the world is not developing your potential. When you do what you do best, you are helping not only yourself, but the world." --Roger Williams (founder of Rhode Island, which is your humble writer's home state)
"Nursing encompasses an art, a humanistic orientation, a feeling for the value of the individual, and an intuitive sense of ethics, and of the appropriateness of action taken." --Myrtle Aydelotte
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." --Colin Powell
"It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit." --Harry S. Truman
"When you find an idea that you just can't stop thinking about, that's probably a good one to pursue." --Josh James
"What is harder than rock, or softer than water? Yet soft water hollows out hard rock. Persevere." --Ovid
"Winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts." --Sylvester Stalone
"If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?" --Joe Namath 
"An ounce of mother is worth a pound of clergy." --Rudyard Kipling
"Police officers and firemen are so visible in their daily work, there's no mistaking they're there - and that presence makes people feel secure." --Irwin Redlener
"People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." --Maya Angelou
"The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for." --Bob Marley
"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." --Ayn Rand
"When I was in jail, I was a lot of people's favorite person. I practically ran the jail. I had more freedom than the police." --Flavor Flav
"Whoever said the pen is mightier than the sword obviously never encountered automatic weapons." --Douglas MacArthur
"You must not only aim right, but draw the bow with all your might." --Henry David Thoreau
"Hope will never be silent." --Harvey Milk
"I never took a day off in my 20s. Not one." --Bill Gates
"The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do." --John Holt
"What we hope to do with ease, we must first learn to do with diligence." --Samuel Johnson
"Sometimes you don't realize how special something is until you lose it. Thats how I feel about Ramadan every year." --Omar Suleiman
"I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true - hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it." --Ray Bradbury
"Who sows virtue reaps honor." --Leonardy da Vinci
"It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently." --Warren Buffet
"Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I know because I've done it thousands of times." --Mark Twain
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." --Oscar Wilde 
"The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday." --Anonymous
"I know the price of success: dedication, hard work and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen." --Frank Lloyd Wright
"Happiness is an inside job." --Anonymous
"Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it." --Andy Rooney
"There on the beaches of Normandy I began to reflect on the wonders of these ordinary people whose lives were laced with the markings of greatness." --Tom Brokaw
"Fall seven times and stand up eight." --Anonymous
"Life doesn't run away from nobody. Life runs at people." --Joe Frazier
"I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is realizing that you are the beholder." --Salma Hayek
"The road to success is not easy to navigate, but with hard work, drive and passion, it's possible to achieve the American dream." --Tommy Hilfiger
"Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." --Norman Vincent Peale
"How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." --Anne Frank
"I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion." --Alexander the Great
"Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted." --William Bruce Cameron
"Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity." --H. Jackson Brown Jr."
"I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father's protection." --Sigmund Freud
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." --Alan Kay
"Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward." --Victor Kiam
"The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work." --Richard Bach
"There is no such thing as luck. There is only adequate or inadequate preparation to cope with a statistical universe." --Robert A. Heinlein
"It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that they are difficult." --Seneca
"I wish I could tell you the secret to being forever young, but no one's figured that out yet. But if you see the glass half full, simplify your life, and give yourself to a worthy cause, you will be forever happy." --Bert Jacobs
"Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible." --Doug Larson
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." --George Elliott
"Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." --Maya Angelou
"Plant your garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers." --Jose Luis Borges
"It doesn't matter how far you might rise. At some point, you are bound to stumble... If you're constantly pushing yourself higher... the law of averages, not to mention the Myth of Icarus, predicts that you will at some point fall. And when you do, I want you to know this, remember this: There is no such thing as failure. Failure is just life trying to move us in another direction." --Oprah Winfrey
"Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The phrase 'press on' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race." --Calvin Coolidge
"Build something 100 people love, not something 1 million people kind of like." --Brian Chesky, cofounder of Airbnb
"There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing." --Aristotle
"Life is a series of problem-solving opportunities. The problems you face will either defeat you or develop you depending on how you respond to them." --Rick Warren
"Don't worry about failure; you only have to be right once." --Drew Houston
"Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you." --Jeffrey Gitomer
"Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that." --George Carlin
"Happiness is not a goal. It's a by-product of a life well-lived." --Eleanor Roosevelt
"I knew all the rules but the rules did not know me." --Eddie Vedder
"You don't become enormously successful without encountering some really interesting problems." --Mark Victor Hansen
"Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games." --Babe Ruth
"You never know what worse luck your bad luck has saved you from." --Cormac McCarthy
"Just keep going. Everybody gets better if they keep at it." --Ted Williams
"Education, actual learning - it is hard work. It's very personal. Your parents don't teach you anything. Your teachers don't teach you anything. The government doesn't teach you anything. You read it. You don't understand it; you read it again. You break a pencil and read it again." --Dean Kamen
"Composing music is hard work." --John Williams
"If I have made a mistake in the design, then I'm the one who should pay for it. I certainly would not ask somebody else to fly a plane if I were afraid to do it myself." --Howard Hughes
"Constant dripping hollows out a stone." --Lucretius
"Once you choose hope, anything's possible." --Christopher Reeve
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." --William B. Sprague
"If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." --Sheryl Sandberg
"I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near." --Margaret Thatcher
"There is no security on the Earth, there is only opportunity." --Douglas MacArthur
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." --Thomas Edison
"Winners embrace hard work. They love the discipline of it, the trade-off they're making to win. Losers, on the other hand, see it as punishment. And that's the difference." --Lou Holtz
"Be the kind of person that you want people to think you are." --Socrates
"If you want happiness for an hour take a nap. If you want happiness for a day, go fishing. If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else." --Anonymous
"It doesn't matter if you try and try and try again, and fail. It does matter if you try and fail, and fail to try again." --Charles Kettering
"The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer." --John Madden
"It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark." --Howard Ruff
"Don't be afraid your life will end; be afraid that it will never begin." --Grace Hansen
"Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." --John Wooden
"Risk more than others think is safe. Dream more than others think is practical." --Howard Schultz
"There are two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live." --John Adams
"People talk about getting lucky breaks in their careers. I'm living proof that the 'lucky breaks' theory is simply wrong. You get to make your own luck... The world is run by those who show up... not those who wait to be asked." --Steve Blank
"Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goals: my strength lies solely in my tenacity." --Louis Pasteur
"Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear." --George Addair
"My first job was washing dishes in the basement of a nursing home for $2.10 an hour, and I learned as much about the value of hard work there as I ever did later." --Douglas Preston
"Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in." --Bill Bradley
"I think the thing about that was I was always willing to work; I was not the fastest or biggest player but I was determined to be the best football player I could be on the football field and I think I was able to accomplish that through hard work." --Jerry Rice
"I don't think journalists in World War II were objective about the Nazis, and I don't think they should have been." --Sebastian Junger
"We live in the kind of society where, in almost all cases, hard work is rewarded." --Neil deGrasse Tyson
"The greater part of our misery or unhappiness is determined not by our circumstance but by our disposition." --Martha Washington
"Music expresses that which cannot be put into words." --Victor Hugo
"A man who gives you less than what he has to give is telling you what he thinks of you, and telling you what he thinks of himself." --Pete Carill
"I'm not happy on vacation. In those rare times when I have three hours with no work I have to do, I'm terribly uncomfortable." --Scott Adams, Dilbert creator
"I think of doing a series as very hard work. But then I've talked to coal miners, and that's really hard work." --William Shatner
"Faith moves mountains, but you have to keep pushing while you're praying." --Mason Cooley
"Failure is success if we learn from it." --Malcolm Forbes
"I never dreamt of success. I worked for it." --Estee Lauder
"The American city should be a collection of communities where every member has a right to belong. It should be a place where every man feels safe on his streets and in the house of his friends." --Lyndon Johnson
"When you miss a shot, never think of what you did wrong. Take the next shot thinking of what you must do right." --Tony Alfonso
"Luck can only get you so far." --J.K. Rowling
"When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us." --Alexander Graham Bell
"Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life." --Robin Sharma
"Luck? I don't know anything about luck. I've never banked on it, and I'm afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else: hard work -- and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't." --Lucille Ball
"Anything in life worth having is worth working for." --Andrew Carnegie
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." --Benjamin Franklin
"I believe in the dignity of labor, whether with head or hand; that the world owes no man a living but that it owes every man an opportunity to make a living." --John D. Rockefeller
"It isn't hard to be good from time to time. What is tough is being good every day." --Willie Mays
"My family would be supportive if I said I wanted to be a Martian, wear only banana skins, make love to ashtrays, and eat tree bark." --Casey Affleck
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." --Albert Einstein
"There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning." --Louis L'Amour
"The common denominator of success is in forming the habit of doing the things that failures don't like to do." --Albert Gray
"Nobody can do for little children what grandparents do. Grandparents sort of sprinkle stardust over the lives of little children." --Alex Haley
"Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it." --Bernard Meltzer
"Complexity kills. It sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difficult to plan, build and test, it introduces security challenges, and it causes end-user and administrator frustration." --Ray Ozzie
"To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom." --Bertrand Russell
"I'm a big believer in the power of inexperience. It was the greatest asset I had when I started TFA. If I had known at the outset how hard it was going to be, I might never have started." --Wendy Kopp
"The way to get started is to quit talking and start doing." --Walt Disney
"You are never too good for anything. Always be willing to do everything." --Thomas Parkinson 
"The power of an air force is terrific when there is nothing to oppose it." --Winston Churchill
"In order to discover new lands, one must be willing to lose sight of the shore for a very long time." --Anonymous
"I would rather die of passion than of boredom." --Vincent Van Gogh
"Let our New Year's resolution be this: we will be there for one another as fellow members of humanity, in the finest sense of the word." --Goran Persson
"The future belongs to those who prepare for it today." --Malcolm X
"Your income is directly related to your philosophy, not the economy." --Jim Rohn
"A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself." --Joseph Campbell
"I made a resolve then that I was going to amount to something if I could. And no hours, nor amount of labor, nor amount of money would deter me from giving the best that there was in me. And I have done that ever since, and I win by it. I know." --Harlan Sanders, founder of Kentucky Fried Chicken
"There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why... I dream of things that never were, and ask why not?" --Robert F. Kennedy
"Life is short, and the world is wide." --Simon Raven
"Nature gave men two ends... one to sit on and one to think with. Ever since then man's success or failure has been dependent on the one he used most." --George R. Kilpatrick
"Someday is not a day of the week." --Denise BrennanNelson
"Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice." --William Jennings Bryan
"Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more." --H. Jackson Brown Jr."
"Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get." --Ray Kroc
"Movies are hard work. The public doesn't see that. The critics don't see it. But they're a lot of work. A lot of work." --Robert DeNiro
"St. Francis of Assisi taught me that there is a wound in the Creation and that the greatest use we could make of our lives was to ask to be made a healer of it." --Alan Paton
"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough." --Mario Andretti
"People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent." --Bob Dylan
"All things share the same breath - the beast, the tree, the man... the air shares its spirit with all the life it supports." --Chief Seattle
"Everybody has a great idea for a startup, and so do their relatives, and they tell me, 'You gotta build it.' I say, 'I have to believe in it.'" --Ashton Kutcher
"To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first." --William Shakespeare
"The biggest temptation is to settle for too little." --Thomas Merton
"I'm intimidated by the fear of being average." --Taylor Swift
"If you focus on results you'll never change. If you focus on change, you'll get results." --Jack Dixon
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." --Aristotle
"Don't blame the boss. He has enough problems." --Donald Rumsfeld
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." --Anonymous
"If you don't set goals, you can't regret not reaching them." --Yogi Berra
"This too, shall pass." --Anonymous
"You know you are truly alive when you're living among lions." --Karen Blixen 
"If you are willing to do more than you are paid to do, eventually you will be paid to do more than you do." --Anonymous
"Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other." --Brian Tracy
"If something is important enough, even if the odds are against you, you should still do it." --Elon Musk
"If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try." --Seth Godin
"Entrepreneurship is neither a science nor an art. It is a practice." --Peter Drucker
"If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money." --Abigail Van Buren
"If you are not embarrassed by the first version of your product, you've launched too late." --Reid Hoffman
"Those who don't believe in magic will never find it." --Roald Dahl
"Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic." --Anonymous
"Fear is only as deep as the mind allows." --Anonymous
"Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you." --Saint Augustine
"Performance-wise, you really need to be down in the trenches; you need to do the hard work, for a lot of reasons: To build yourself as a performer, to get a sense of the audience, to work hard and to wonder, 'Do I really want to do this?'" --Joan Jett
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." --Anonymous
"If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten." --Tony Robbins
"Time is what we want most, but what we use worst." --William Penn
"There is no elevator to success" -- you have to take the stairs." --Anonymous 
"The deadliest weapon in the world is a MARINE and his rifle!" --Gen. John Pershing
"If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it." --Bette Davis
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." --Goethe
"The rung of a ladder was never meant to rest upon, but only to hold a man's foot long enough to enable him to put the other somewhat higher." --Thomas Huxley
"Think of what you have rather than of what you lack. Of the things you have, select the best and then reflect how eagerly you would have sought them if you did not have them." --Marcus Aurelius
"Philosophy is like trying to open a safe with a combination lock: each little adjustment of the dials seems to achieve nothing, only when everything is in place does the door open." --Ludwig Wittgenstein
"Flaming enthusiasm, backed by horse-sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success." --Dale Carnegie
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." --Alice Walker
"Certain things in life are more important than the usual crap that everyone strives for." --James Taylor
"Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors." --African proverb
"All television is educational television. The question is: what is it teaching?" --Nicholas Johnson
"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." --Vidal Sassoon
"Do not indulge in dreams of having what you have not, but reckon up the chief of the blessings you do possess, and then thankfully remember how you would crave for them if they were not yours." --Marcus Aurelius
"Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be." --Grandma Moses
"We ask ourselves: Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do." --Marianne Williamson
"In order to succeed you must fail so that you know what not to do the next time." --Anthony J. D'Angelo
"Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up." --Pablo Picasso
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." --Leo Tolstoy
"My parents had always preached the virtues of hard work. But hard work is one thing; economic struggle is another." --Sargent Shriver
"Human history begins with man's act of disobedience which is at the very same time the beginning of his freedom and development of his reason." --Erich Fromm
"The history of the world is the history of a few people who had faith in themselves." --Swami Vivekananda
"Happy people are beautiful. They become like a mirror and they reflect that happiness." --Drew Barrymore
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." --Abraham Lincoln
"Life's too mysterious, don't take it serious." --George Gershwin
"No matter how long it may take us to overcome this premeditated invasion, the American people in their righteous might will win through to absolute victory." --Franklin Delano Roosevelt
"Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens." --Carl Jung
"Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." --John Lennon 
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." --William James
"Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did." --Newt Gingrich
"My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person; he believed in me." --Jim Valvano
"The proper response, as Hanukkah teaches, is not to curse the darkness but to light a candle." --Irving Greenberg
"You can't go around building a better world for people. Only people can build a better world for people. Otherwise it's just a cage." --Terry Pratchett
"I think that my biggest attribute to any success that I have had is hard work. There really is no substitute for working hard." --Maria Bartiromo
"No flying machine will ever fly from New York to Paris." --Orville Wright
"Faith is the art of holding on to things your reason has once accepted, in spite of your changing moods." --C.S. Lewis
"If people knew how hard I worked to achieve my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful after all." --Michaelengo
"If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you." --Muhammad Ali
"Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are stiffened." --Billy Graham
"Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work." --Stephen King
"For it is good to be children sometimes, and never better than at Christmas, when its mighty Founder was a child Himself." --Charles Dickens
"Peace on earth will come to stay, When we live Christmas every day." --Helen Steiner Rice
"The seven principles of Kwanzaa - unity, self-determinat ion, collective work and responsibility, cooperative economics, purpose, creativity and faith -- teach us that when we come together to strengthen our families and communities and honor the lesson of the past, we can face the future with joy and optimism." --William J. Clinton
"Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable." --Coco Chanel
"It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings." --Ann Landers
"What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail?" --Robert Schuller 
"An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves." --Bill Vaughn
"There is life before death." --Monika Medvedík Beňová
